1398806311
AddAdminToUsers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/20140422211933_add_admin_to_users.rb	class AddAdminToUsers 
AddIndexToUsersEmail	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/2_add_index_to_users_email.rb	class AddIndexToUsersEmail 
AddPasswordDigestToUsers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/3_add_password_digest_to_users.rb	class AddPasswordDigestToUsers 
AddRememberTokenToUsers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/20140417015314_add_remember_token_to_users.rb	class AddRememberTokenToUsers 
Application	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreateMicroposts	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/20140425212509_create_microposts.rb	class CreateMicroposts 
CreateUsers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/1_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
Micropost	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/models/micropost.rb	class Micropost 
MicropostsController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	class MicropostsController 
SessionsController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsHelper	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
StaticPagesController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	class StaticPagesController 
StaticPagesHelper	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/static_pages_helper.rb	module StaticPagesHelper
TmunApp	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/config/application.rb	module TmunApp
User	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
VALID_EMAIL_REGEX	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/models/user.rb	  VALID_EMAIL_REGEX =
about	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def about
admin_user	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def admin_user
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/3_add_password_digest_to_users.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/2_add_index_to_users_email.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/20140422211933_add_admin_to_users.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/20140417015314_add_remember_token_to_users.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/1_create_users.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/db/migrate/20140425212509_create_microposts.rb	  def change
correct_user	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def correct_user
correct_user	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	    def correct_user
create	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def create
create_remember_token	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/models/user.rb	  def create_remember_token
current_user	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user
current_user=	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user=(user)
current_user?	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user?(user)
destroy	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
feed	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/models/user.rb	  def feed
full_title	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def full_title(page_title)
gravatar_for	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	  def gravatar_for(user, options = { size: 50 })
home	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def home
index	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
micropost_params	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	    def micropost_params
new	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
redirect_back_or	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def redirect_back_or(default)
secure_token	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/config/initializers/secret_token.rb	def secure_token
show	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
sign_in	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_in(user)
sign_out	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_out
signed_in?	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def signed_in?
signed_in_user	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def signed_in_user
store_location	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def store_location
travelteam	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def travelteam
tritonmun	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def tritonmun
update	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
user_params	C:/Sites/rails_projects/tmun_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def user_params
